1) Java is an object-oriented language.
    By introducing lambdas in Java 8, the authors of Java tried to add elements of functional programming in Java.
    Now you might be wondering what the difference between object-oriented programming & functional programming is?

2) In "object-oriented programming", objects and classes are the main entities.
    If we create a function then it should exist within a class.
    A function has no meaning outside the scope of the class object.

3) In "functional programming", functions can exist outside the scope of an object.
    We can assign them to a reference variable and we can also pass them to other methods as a parameter.

Taste of Lambdas
1) A "lambda expression" is just an anonymous function,
    i.e., a function with no name & that is not bound to an identifier.
    We can pass it to other methods as parameters, therefore, using the power of functional programming in Java.
2) Comparator example

Java 8 provides some in-built functional interfaces in the java.util.function package.
These interfaces are required so that, while writing lambda expressions,
we don't need to worry about creating a functional interface.
There are 43 predefined interfaces in Java 8, categorised for better understanding

3) Predicate Interface has an abstract method "boolean test(T t)"
    a) Basically, a predicate is a function that evaluates the given input & returns true or false.
    b) This interface has some other default & static methods that are used for the purpose of chaining.
 "Purpose of Chaining" > is the practice of calling different methods in a single line,
                         instead of calling different methods with the same object reference separately.
    c) default method: and(Predicate other)
        represents a short-circuiting logical AND
    d) default method: or(Predicate other)
        represents a shor-circuiting logical OR
    e) default method: negate()
        represents the logical negation of the predicate it is called on.
    f) static method: isEqual(Object targetRef)
        This method returns a predicate that tests if two arguments are equal
        according to Object.equals(Object, Object).
        This is not a chaining method.

4) BiPredicate<T,T> has a functional method "boolean test(Object, Object)"

5) Supplier is an interface that doesn't take in any argument
    but produces a value when the get() function is invoked.
    Suppliers are useful when we don't need to supply any value and obtain a result at the same time

